README.md, before:

# Version 1.0.0B
### This is [CarnationRED's](https://github.com/CarnationRED/B9-PWings-Fork) edit based on [Rafterman82](https://github.com/Rafterman82/B9-PWings-Fork)'s v1.0.0 B9PW with some modification by me
     
### Tested on KSP1.10.1

## New Feature in 1.0.0B ##
 1. 　You can now attach all-moving wings to all-movings, and they will share the same deflection if their rotaion axis are aligned


## Improvement ##
 1. 　Reducing sm target for compatibility with OpenGL / Mac, this fix was removed in v1.0.0

## Bugs in early commits fixed: ##
1. 　Handles mirrored on ctrl surface
2. 　Nudge button don't work in numeric editing

Changelog
v1.0.0A
 1. 　Added handles for tweaking wing's shape
 2. 　Added numeric input for precise edit  
 3. 　It's now possible to create wings with offseted root, which allows all-moving wing's rotation hinge offseted
 4. 　Frame drop when editing is now fixed
 5. 　Reducing sm target for compatibility with OpenGL / Mac, this fix was removed in v1.0.0  
 6. 　Handles is no longer mirrored on ctrl surface
 7. 　Nudge buttons now work in numeric editing

Commit message:

Added new settings to control the activation   Added code to allow activation just by hovering   Added ability to lock wing layout   Added optional ClickThroughBlocker support (will use it if installed)   Added support for the Changelog mod   Full TU support and metallic textures

README.md, after:

Readme for B9 Procedural Wings 

Contributers	
	Github user @tetraflon
	Github user @jrodrigv, forum user @jrodriguiz
	github user @tetraflon, forum user @Me1_base
	github user @Rafterman82, forum user @Jebman82
	github & forum user @linuxgurugamer

New Features
	Updated Settings page
	Added new settings to control the activation
	Added code to allow activation just by hovering
	Added ability to lock wing layout
	Added optional ClickThroughBlocker support (will use it if installed)
	Full TU support and metallic textures

If the setting "Use old keycode to activate" is not enabled, then moving the mouse over the wing part will activate the mod
There is a timer setting in the settings page which specifies how long the mod is activated after the mouse moves off of the wing.
Hovering the mouse over the window is the same as hovering over the wing, in regards to the timeout
Click anywhere outside the wing and window to deactivate it immediately
Use the new "Lock wing layout" option in the PAW to lock it down so it can't be changed
